You are too much.
Get out after picking it up
You dirty my land, you count
Oh, go back there, be obedient
Try your best, mainly over there
We don't have to worry about it here.
Remember, teacher, take it easy
There we go.
Uncle liu
Yes
I didn't expect the Bai family to treat Miss Liu like this
Fortunately, the sky-high gift prepared by the old lady
They didn't receive it.
Ah!
Haha, this is crazy.
Drive such a broken car out and live in front of people
What a shame
I guess their family doesn't have the money to rent a better car
I don't know after my sister goes back
How sad these days must be
Yaoyao
Now the euro has nothing to do with our family
If he borrows money from you in the future, you can't see anyone
Come on.
Uncle Liu, are we going to Taoyuan County now?
Taoyuan County
Ah, that's the old hometown of my wife and grandpa
Now they all live in Beijing
The master was worried that you were hungry and booked a restaurant
I'll take you there.
Let me see if this necklace is finished?
Is this hair messy?
Mom, your necklace is not messed up, and your hair is not messed up.
You are the most beautiful mother in the world
This stinky boy, stop lying
I'm not going to see grandpa. Are you nervous?